---

Hello everyone,

I am Ujala Tyagi, a Software Engineer Program (SEP) participant from the 2023 batch, currently working in IP with the Spyder Indus Team. Alongside Ikshul, I serve as a SEP Engineering Committee Lead, representing the ECTC community.

Today, we will discuss the various programs run by the ECTC for BTC. ECTC is dedicated to nurturing the firm's young talents, including SEPs and other new joiners with minimal corporate experience.

This year has been a journey of growth and innovation. We kicked off with a successful Tech Center Overview Session led by Deepak, offering an insightful tour of BTC’s workstreams and initiatives. In April, our GT India Learning Partners, Nayan Bhamra and Vikram Yelmagandla, conducted a virtual Learning Overview Session. This session, curated to familiarize our early talent with the organization’s learning platforms and programs, was a beacon of knowledge for over 300 employees.

In May, we hosted a virtual engagement session for the SEP Batch of 2024 with the Bengaluru Engineering Committee. This session, attended by around 250 SEPs, was a wonderful opportunity to "break the ice," facilitating interaction and resolving queries, fostering a sense of community.

On May 16th, we organized an in-person SEP Connect event, which saw participation from over 300 SEPs. This vibrant gathering was not just about networking and skill-building but also about having fun. As they say, "All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy." Following this, we had an enlightening round table discussion with esteemed SEP Alumni - Sidharth Talwar, Misba Saad, and Rohit Shanbhag. They shared invaluable insights on networking, mentorship, work-life balance, mobility, and career paths. Their words echoed the sentiment that "Your network is your net worth." We also took the time to felicitate the scroll recognition winners, celebrating their achievements.

During Arvind Joshi’s visit to Bangalore, our SEPs had the unique opportunity to engage with him in a round table conference. The discussion highlighted the firm's investment in technology and Arvind’s career journey, emphasizing the importance of exploring various roles and technologies at JPMC.

Looking ahead, we have several exciting plans. For the first time, we are hosting an MD Connect in a TED-style format for over 1,000 technologists across BTC. This event will feature our Managing Directors sharing their insights on a variety of topics, creating a dynamic and inspiring atmosphere. It's a chance to "Learn from the best to become the best." We are also organizing volunteering and sports events specifically for SEPs to promote teamwork, wellness, and community engagement. Upcoming flagship events include Welcome Week for the new SEP batch and the SEP Graduation Ceremony for the 2022 batch, marking their transition to the next phase of their careers.

Reflecting on our journey, it's evident that these initiatives play a crucial role in building a cohesive, supportive, and vibrant community. By participating in these events, we can all contribute to a more connected and empowered organization. In my role as an EC lead, I've had the privilege of overseeing various initiatives aimed at enhancing our members' experiences. This role has been incredibly enriching, helping me network effectively with colleagues and senior leaders alike. Organizing these events has allowed me to make a significant impact within our community, and I am eager to continue this journey. As we move forward, let's remember, "Alone, we can do so little; together, we can do so much." Together, we can build a more connected and empowered JPMC.

Thank you.

---


Hello everyone,


I'm Ujala Tyagi, a SEP from the 2023 batch, currently working in IP with the Spyder Indus Team. Alongside my partner-in-crime, Ikshul, I serve as a SEP Engineering Committee Lead, proudly representing the ECTC community.

Today, we're diving into the fantastic programs ECTC runs for BTC. ECTC is all about nurturing the firm's young talents, like SEPs and other new joiners who are still figuring out what "corporate life" actually means (spoiler: it’s more coffee and less sleep).

This year has been a journey of growth and innovation. We started with a bang, thanks to Deepak's Tech Center Overview Session. It was like a Netflix tour, but for tech nerds—no popcorn, but plenty of insights into BTC's workstreams and initiatives. 

Our GT India Learning Partners hosted a virtual Learning Overview Session, which was basically a crash course in "how not to get lost in our learning platforms and programs."

And then came the in-person SEP Connect. Over 300 SEPs in one place, networking, building skills, and having a blast. This was followed by an enlightening roundtable with esteemed SEP Alumni and a celebration of our SEP recognition scroll winners. 

Looking ahead, we have several exciting plans. For the first time, we’re hosting a MD Connect in a TED-style format for over 1,000 technologists across BTC. It’s your chance to "Learn from the best to become the best.”
It will be kind of a tech version of the Avengers assembling!!


We’re also planning volunteering and sports events just for SEPs, because teamwork, wellness, and community engagement are like the holy trinity of corporate life.  

We’re also planning volunteering and sports events just for SEPs, because teamwork, wellness, and community engagement. Because what better way to bond than through a little friendly competition and community service?

Upcoming flagship events include Welcome Week for the new SEP batch and the SEP Graduation Ceremony for the 2022 batch. So, get ready to welcome the newbies and bid farewell to the "senior" SEPs with a tear and a cheer.

Reflecting on our journey, it’s clear these initiatives are vital in building a cohesive, supportive, and vibrant community. In my role as an EC lead, I've had the privilege of overseeing various initiatives aimed at enhancing our members' experiences. Organizing these events has allowed me to make a significant impact within our community, and I am eager to continue this journey.

As we move forward, let’s remember: "Alone, we can do so little; together, we can do so much." Together, we can build a more connected and empowered JPMC.

And with that, I’ll hand it over to Ikshul—take it away, partner!





// @Summary Resolved JRN Location or Redirect
// @Description Returns the JRN location or redirects if `redirect=true`
// @Tags Resolver
// @Accept json
// @Produce json
// @Param jrnID path string true "JRN ID"
// @Param redirect query bool false "Redirect instead of resolving to object"
// @Success 200 {object} resolver.LocationResponse
// @Failure 400 {object} gin.H
// @Security OAuth2Implicit || ApiKeyAuth
// @Router /naming/apis/resolver/v1/jrnmappings/{jrnID} [get]

